the moment I learned about this upcoming
school I was dead set on attending it
just the name alone and I was like souls
the Raptor Assault school is no joke
it's designed to teach drivers some
really high-level off-roading techniques
and so the day begins in the classroom
I can't move I can't really bring ease
either so that means that I'm properly
strapped in I knew that the Ford f-150
SVT Raptor was going to be amazing but I
was really excited to see what it could
do and of course that would truly test
its capabilities the SVT Raptor that
we've used at this school is basically a
stock truck all they added was a rear
bed cage and interior harness bar and
seat belts that being said a stock SVT
is plenty competent it's got 411
horsepower and shocks that can handle
anything went off-roading first course
we went to was the white knuckled rock
crawling course
I was excited and somewhat apprehensive
for this course because it had inclines
and declines that help matched anything
I've ever driven on I ascend up a hill
of an incredibly steep grade and I'm at
the crest and I cannot see over the
crest I can see absolutely nothing and
all the instructors notice so they tell
me you won't be able to see anything
until you're almost down the hill what
we need you to do is just trust us trust
your grille descent Assist and don't
touch the pedals into your right at this
point I get is put your feet off the
pedals
in addition to having lots of inclines
and declines the course is full of
ledges and shelves and rock gardens and
it's really all about low-speed high
torque and really technical driving the
second part of the course was an
off-road short course
they had a nice section of whoops that
we were allowed to approach at 25 miles
per hour and they also had a really nice
job set up I got in a little bit of
trouble for exceeding this 25 miles per
hour on the wool but it's hard it's
really hard to control yourself in the
Raptor everything about it this pushes
you to defy authority
then it was finally time for the third
portion of the day the nine hundred
acres of desert offroading
putting together everything we've
learned throughout the day and now it's
an awesome exercise I'm reading terrain
we have somebody parts of the course
that are varying degrees of wet some
that are terribly muddy other parts that
are completely dry when you have wet
terrain your brakes are significantly
compromised
approach particular turns you actually
need to engage in left briefly to get
the vehicle to do
it's be more responsive essentially and
this is a perfect place to practice that
skill set when we began this portion of
the jumping course we were told that we
could go 40 miles per hour and then we
built up to 50 miles per hour we're
gonna jump this out
so having had so much awesome time out
here that to practice on these really
big jumps really they're just three
basic things that you've got to do and
no one is you have to have your wheel
Street fundamental first point second
you need to let off the acceleration
rate as you reach the peak of that jump
and third
just win-win man it's just win-win in
there after when it goes exactly the way
you wanted to it's phenomenal
when it doesn't or when you overshoot
the corner or you miss your where you
should be breaking it makes it very easy
to recover and you never get scared like
I've had so much faith in this thing
alright so the day is done this is the
truck I was driving all day and I would
like it to be known that my truck is the
muddiest
and I couldn't be prouder all in all the
Raptor assault school absolutely
exceeded my expectations as did the
beautiful and competent incredibly
competent Raptor and now I just want one
board are you listening